# Reflection

I had really high hopes for this project and I think I often aim for perfection. I think the development of this
game really proved that I can stay persistent on project even when I work on minor details for weeks. I do really wish I had started off programming using p5.play; I think I would be more impressed with my final product. I only started learning p5.play after the christmas break which didn't give me much time to fully understand the all the concepts. I am happy with the amount of progress I was able to make using p5.play in the 2 weeks I had. I also think the progress I made before transfering to p5.play was pretty impressive for the amount of physics I was able to figure out. My main wish was that p5.play had collision based on sides; this would make the block stacking I was attempting much easier. Other pieces that would have worked better are brick / mystery box collision and enemy collision. Because there is no feature like this I don't think I could make the game as accurate as I would have liked. For example, if Mario jumps onto the enemy he still shrinks as it counts as a hit. If I was able to make different if statements based on if Mario collides with the top/sides/bottom of other sprites.

If I were to do this project again I would definitley start with p5.play. I didn't work on this project as much as I probably should have during the winter break; I was frustrated after working on the block stacking for a month and I was making little progress. This is what pushed me to switch to p5.play and I'm glad I did. I have every factor of my needs to have list, though I don't have multiple enemies only the goombas. The gravity/physics was my main focus which I think I showed well before using p5.play. My nice to have list is mostly undone, however the way I currently have it coded customizing levels/block placements is relatively easy. I definitely think could have figured out block placement if I had more time. I would have liked to design better sprites for my tiny Mario and work on the ending flag pole, as well as start and end screens.

In the end I'm really proud of myself for staying on my original idea and not switching it up when things got difficult. I want to continue working on this game for the next year(ish) because I have taken all the comp sci classes I can and I want to make sure I keep my coding knowledge relatively fresh. I think I have learned so muchh through trial and error during this project and I'll definitley make more projects like this one.